q1. Since each of the 6 sides are equally likely to be thrown, it can be expected that the fraction of each side appearing after 'n' throws should be equal.
    I.e., 1/6 or 0.1667. When n is a small number like 10, the distribution seems less even, but as n approaches infinity (or a large number like 100000), 
    the expected distribution is seen. This is because small invariances due to chance matter less to the final fraction.

q2. Since the chances of either of the 6 sides appearing is the same, the chances of any of the high numbers vs any of the low numbers should be the same as 
    well (i.e. 50%). That being said, there being an exact split between the high and low numbers after n throws is unlikely due to chance. This test is identical
    to flipping a coin 100 times and seeing whether the number of head matches tails or not. It's not guaranteed that there will be an even split every time, just 
    that they will be close to each other.
    
q3. When using two die, the number that is most likely to appear is 7 because there are more combinations of throws that will yield that number. 2 and 12 are 
    the least likely (but equally likely as each other) to appear because they only have one combination that will yield those numbers (1+1 or 6+6). To extend 
    this to the other numbers, the further from 7 we get, the less combinations of rolls there will be to yield those numbers. This in turn creates a bellcurve
    based on the probabilty of each number appearing, with the bellcurve centered on 7 and the endpoints at 2 and 12. 
q4. I would choose to stand at a value of 17 because that seems to give a relatively low chance of busting (about 30%) while still being a relatively high number.

q5. The percent of good bets seems to be around 53%. That means just over 50% of bets were correct. To maximize winnings, one could bet the maximum amount of 
    money for when the running count is positive and bet the minimum (or nothing if possible) if the running count is negative. According to the percentage of 
    good bets, I would end up benefitting in the long run.  